h1. Banner Rotator

The *Banner Rotator* extension, as its name implies, enables rotating banners on pages.  Banners can be enabled and disabled for specific pages via the page-edit admin interface.  One banner can be assigned to any number of pages.  Banners are randomly selected based on weights you assign, between 1 and 10 - 1 being least likely, 10 most likely to appear.  Banner rotation is enabled for a page in the "meta" drawer on the page-edit screen.  When not directly associated with a page with banner rotator enabled, banners are inherited from the nearest ancestor page.  Banners work by specifying a background image, with optional foreground image and link.

This extension does not support file uploads, and therefore should be used in concert with an asset management extension if direct file upload access is not available.

h2. History

* 2011-04-06 - add help doc, expand README, move banner list out of drawer, add pagination to index, other UI tweaks, gemify 1.0.0 release
* 2010-12-30 - 0.9 compatibility, blade UI, i18n
* 2010-11-17 - enabled admin ability to protect certain banners from deletion, by adding comma-delimited banner names to Radiant::Config['admin.protected_banners']
* 2009-06-22 - Deactivate banner functionality removes a banner from all pages
* 2009-02-07 - 0.7 compatible
* 2008-10-01 - First release

h2. Installation

h3. From the Radiant Extension Registry

# From your RAILS_ROOT run:
<pre>script/extension install banner_rotator</pre>
# Restart your app
NOTE: In some earlier versions of Radiant, the migrations may not run, and the assets may not be copied and you may therefore need to run:
<pre>rake radiant:extensions:banner_rotator:migrate
rake radiant:extensions:banner_rotator:update</pre>

h3. From Github

# From your RAILS_ROOT run:
<pre>cd vendor/extensions
git clone git://github.com/avonderluft/radiant-banner_rotator-extension.git ./banner_rotator
cd ../../
rake radiant:extensions:banner_rotator:migrate
rake radiant:extensions:banner_rotator:update
</pre>
# Restart your app

h3. Using the gem

# Install the gem
<pre>gem install radiant-banner_rotator-extension</pre>
# Update your Radiant config:  add to environment.rb with other gem.configs
<pre>config.gem 'radiant-banner_rotator-extension', :lib => false</pre>
# Run database migrations
<pre>rake db:migrate:extensions</pre>
# Copy assets
<pre>rake radiant:extensions:update_all</pre>
# Restart your app

h2. Usage

See HELP doc

h2. To do

* Extend pagination to other index views
* javascript image popup in index view
* Make banners and banner placements draftable via the concurrent_draft extension

h2. Contributors

* Sean Cribbs
* Andrew vonderLuft
* Jeffrey Jones

h2. Acknowledgments

Thanks to "Con-way":http://www.con-way.com for funding the initial development of this extension.